And then, boys, welcome to
Another video from my channel today comes
bringing you a gameplay with
a deadly punch is hand punch deadly and
My river channel already started rhyming because
the guy is rap poet of the year but he lives there
and first of all here I want to thank
michel daniel who lent the account
His songs are recorded to us.
michel is worth it and I have it together
come on let's represent here that
playing deadly human punch is by
ostentation and has to represent
You have to stay positive, you're going to have to stay.
teaching is and I'm bringing this
video on the sewage because I like
human sewage was one of the first
that I played in knife type way I was
addicted give before but now do not play
but because in my account there is no knife
right.
then the person disengages himself because he looks
only that plays mano will promote pro
My face is old, I told you.
good quiet and just killing the guys
when I went to realize it was already almost
in good to have whoa slash is weak in crazy
so here the affection there and died ocarina
thomas holz the ace just punch good and
cissokho mortal is very similar to a
Very good English punch, right?
I just think I punch mortally well
better because he has these two knives
in front of you
one on each side and therefore facilitates
You kill the guys, right?
take take take take take more died
old man to play I did there in the beginning in
moral I did not believe but was not speaking
good and only killing the Canaanites face in the
base flies after so far will die
errei takes on the nigga i do not mistake or nigga
I mistake but in the other it does not take a lot
what will goes
the old man has created where he is
also sporting and I thinking that I
I was trying here alone, right?
that nothing takes takes in the neck chain years
Dude, everything down there, let's go down now.
I leave it alone as I decided it's okay.
talking I let myself fall because
I'm very dunce, eh
there are three will lead the last 3 hit
first old man not to play with
vip is fuck also takes slash tom slash
Old man's hand is fuck mother slash
but also when she picks her upright
on the crazy bug
where are you coming?
Amano, this guy is getting a lot out of now.
It's now I'm going to play serious, man, do not come.
amano guy takes it back right then gives
anger is what everyone likes to do
and then I go and take your son
mother stays and samba nuno passinho do
Roman you see here that hand was coming
I kill you, does not take a face when
it was falling I got it down there and
Personal type I'm not only going to record video
with michel's account
Just this one, does not mean I'm going to record
others also type the account of the hand face
is old type master account has
enough weapons to spend a week
and recording videos on his account because
There is a lot of gun, right?
Of course some I will not record nor
all because there are some weapons that I
I think it's boring, I can not play it because I'm a cloud.
but now the punch mano was the first
The weapon I decided is recording on the
Tell him why, it's just too cool.
old you punch the guy there the guy is
soon stabbed the crazy we will not go down
and get the guys down here and die
How I'm dumb face 'Wall to 0 for him
not in the moral clear eye prepares in the
son of a bitch
especto slut
look apaf, motherfucker caracu, face on
slash the rapidion give me hs
I'm dumb, dear.
the old one running out and even
choking here now
what a human play not in the moral train
there it will be coming only by taking in the
chs very crazy who gave to think that
I used to be a hacker right now because guys
What's so fast on slash is not it?
So fatal but take on the head like me.
said of the human odor kills in the
man hour looks at the face all on the base I
that I will not separate as fuck the
lithium boiola
like a macaque bug she could be
even better than nayef in the game is that she is
very slow old type imagina catana
You go out killing everyone is
because she's too big in the distance
it is very long but it is slow or there
spoil the whole knife is completely this
samurai sword
but the important thing here is the mortal and
take a hand that vacuum go face go
vai slash
fuck you less me cara dana reme group
catching on to senac dying, huh?
take the ford not and that's it galera 10
than the rest and when it is 10
remaining
I breathe in and that's it folks if
liked the video sign up for the channel
Do not forget to leave your like hand
that link to help me a lot and
Uncle Uncle, we're going to end up here killing the
good face in morale and die
and that's it I went